# Nutritional-Data-Analysis
Research Question to be answered: Will nutrient data analysis of fast-food items help us understand its actual nutritional composition or will it just be the usual “junk-food” that adds body fat?

We often avoid analyzing the nutritional composition of fast-food items in depth, because we are accustomed to a preconceived notion that fast food items have only fat, and they are not good for health. This project aims to break the shackles of this notion by doing a comparative study between the nutritional data of two leading fast-food eateries – Chick-Fil-A and KFC. The data of about 120-180 food items from each eatery were taken and pre-processed. The data was reduced to 30 food items, and it was used for a statistical analysis. By analyzing various food component parameters (such as Calories, Carbohydrates, Proteins, Sugar, Fat, Cholesterol) of the items provided by the two eateries, we will be able identify the better fast-food outlet among the two. We will also be able to understand intricacies in composition of popular fast food and the relationship between each of the food components/nutrients. The results of the analysis were represented in various formats using matplotlib and seaborn. To extend the application of the pre-processed data, a section has been included in the code where the user can interact with the final set of pre-processed data of the two eateries and check if the items, he/she selected are within the recommended range of major nutrients for his/her weight, body stature, activity, goal (weight loss, weight gain, maintenance of weight). The recommended range is generated using fitness module tool of python. The choice of items by the user will tell us which eatery would be the best for the user based on the choices made. 
